[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really good and you can
well at the moment in today's video I
just thought I would do like a chilled
spend today with me kind of video and
just update you on a few bits and stuff
so I blow dried my hair two days ago and
it has survived two workouts I'm really
impressed with it I did like a curly
blow dry so if you follow me on
Instagram I've seen the other day I
thought her story was like wash I do my
hair too shall I just get a box dye and
go back dark because I was just sick of
it and I haven't been putting heat on it
since like December last year so and you
something has to change so I watched
like I'm an at-home curly blow-dry
tutorial really briefly I didn't even
have the right hair brush at home you
had like some normal hair brush not like
a blow-drying one so I just thought I'd
give it a go and I'm so happy with how
it turned out I still wait and it just
feels a lot less messy to kind of revive
it today I just put a bit of oil in it
to get rid of the frizz and that's
worked so well showing it is the hair
obviously this is my better side I must
admit I'm right-handed
I'm so pleased I run she felt like had
to come back from the hairdresser's and
it made me just like my hair that little
bit more you don't need to spin a bit
first of the same old or it was just
growing a funny color let me know if
you'd want to see how I did that outfit
the day I'm obsessed with crew so hey
guys I have a fishy god biggest
obsession with crew socks of alone these
are the little blue like tie-dye ones
that I've got on those I'm a favorite at
the moment I think these came yesterday
and I am up first look at these like
little Nike isn't Nikon Nike I always
say no
that's like a multicolor one it's like
pastor Li which is such arrived at the
moment that you love pastoral colors you
know how these will hold up in the wash
I prefer washing I like a call from a
different brand I blew this from it's
called hexie I mainly wear these to work
out in but I have started wearing them
around the house these newest socks is
do you think they just disintegrate like
I obviously can tell you half my socks
go they just seem to disappear through
the water yeah that is my crew so I feel
like I'm the crew sock Queen these days
so it's been so funny this week because
our next-door neighbors who absolutely
adore for now if he ends up getting a
puppy they've got a little labrador
puppy which is the key sort of thing I
would show you but I feel like many
little white love drop of pee and
Penelope is desperate to get through our
fence and make friends with puppy she's
literally sticking like her front two
feet trying to get into the girl and
bless earth I would have a full house of
dogs if I could honestly they're just
the best animals in the world
[Music]
[Applause]
his reaction to great making a salad
first I'm making a service out of
ingredient it's crazy I actually these
are apples and have you washed these
already is that well yeah if you wash
your in boiling water all this stuff
comes off of them and it's like
something they must spray on a wax or
something and it comes up when you wash
it by water make sure you do that of all
your fruit you'll be really surprised
what comes after them they just spray
them with like pesticides I think if you
use vinegar it gets to what we have
changed since quarantine you can feel
again we've been ordering all of our
like fruit and veg from a local
entrepreneur kind of thing it's a lot
fresher and you get a lot like massive
quantity and the sizes of stuff like
everything's a lot bigger so I've been
really liking doing that and
whoever started doing that if it wasn't
for quarantine but you get a big variety
we've been cooking stuff that like I've
never even tried before I made like a
mashed potato
yeah eggplant aubergine so made of
mattresses of steamed fish with a sweet
potato and then mashed it up together
that's a matter of talk so we don't
actually have any much any much I've
ever seen these is literally on that
emoji on your phone that just reminds me
of that well cute about beetroot
beetroot carrot lettuce and red cabbage
and what you do it burned it now just
mix toss it I'm just gonna make a green
and protein smoothie you can see one of
these haven't had one for like weeks now
and I feel like I go through stages with
smoothies am i obsessing about them or I
don't know I just really fancy we don't
actually have any kale or spinach which
was usually use is like the key
ingredient so I'm just going to use some
stuff that I've got it for this I'm
going to use a some almond milk
some sunflower seeds whey protein that's
in cookies and cream flavor that some
banana and a little bit of green apple
and a bit of avocado
[Music]
but
they still
[Music]
sorry me this really knives I do prefer
a spinach Brooke this is really good for
little replacement if you don't have
spinach in a glass we're really good at
vitamin booster - if you don't get
enough greens in
[Music]
- huge heavy bag of banana it's really
satisfying doing that so it's going to
pop this in my freezer I do this like my
sweets and I broke in quite a lot opener
to be honest I think I've been baking
more as well so yeah I should know it's
getting this one her hair is that just
huge would delivery made for me like for
Christmas that we have had we don't hear
someone lit zeros on her window dropping
all this off I will never know if this
is warning to transform
[Music]
that was a serious workout filling my
woodpile but it's so much more
satisfying it's helped bring this room
together so really happy with that
and I'm just gonna make some lunch that
was it like a genuine I've got like had
pom-pom from doing that and I think I'm
just gonna have some rye bread some eggs
and turkey rashes the s so so much
better in here is some egg white in a
grill
[Music]
a obsessed with mustard lately I've been
absolutely everything all this terrible
looking garden
Wow I've made such a difference
oh my god so much bigger you sort of
felt brighter as well you're gonna plant
some stuff down here too
everything has just arrived from Amazon
Prime on a box a which has really
impressed with Twitter right you burped
do you end up getting like six different
you order at the same time but you get
six different packages so this is the
barrel ever stop talking about that will
make it so much easier at when I yes I
wanted like a thick one so I could do
like thicker and thicker curls rather
than like an arrow would and then I'd
ran out of the conditioner that I've
been going on about have enough
absolutely ages the sheer butter 10:1
and what benefit could initially feel
like toxins and stuff like that so
that's been getting on over here really
nicely another strap or I fit bit like a
metal on just this one has like changed
color it's gone so blackness how the
play style about my chocolate collection
so I have this in my oats every night
and like every morning basically this is
my favorite at the minute it's a little
caramel with a touch of sea salt dark
chocolate so I've got one of those and
then I also got the smooth 78% dark
chocolate I've got two of these and they
come next day delivery so this is what
I'm talking about I do since we're going
through a lot of chocolate like with
Bacon's - oh this is nice this looks so
much nicer than my elastic cord this is
the charge three Fitbit and you can get
these straps are all over Amazon but
they just fade so quickly and it's quite
because you can just pick the right rose
gold color and I really like that I
think that just looks a bit nicer than
the plastic woman because I have it on
all the time I keep seeing picture that
it's been bugging the life out of me I
just don't know whether it's going to
store my wrist that works it's just
literally a magnet thing whereas that
were like an actual strap Sark anything
is
sleeker and a bit more good haven't done
the past record lovely in it so that
bowl is the same as this wild coffee
table a new obsession I just think they
look so cool it's like a double glass
just go for a walk and Mason got this
frisbee delivered today for Amazon Prime
so gonna play around in a field like big
kid sweating him to come back he forgot
his Fitbit so he ran back as you did
that it is honestly such a gorgeous
weather in the UK right now and if it
could just stay like this for the
foreseeable future that I'd be loved
least chilling out today not doing
anything work-related as such I haven't
been on my laptop once and it feels damn
good
[Music]
the first time I brought a bag with me
on a wall since there's came a camera
but it's the most point of tries bag
can't even fit my phone in it like what
what was I thinking it's got a t-shirt
in like a little vest off in case I get
too hot in my hair
thereafter I don't know where I was
planning on playing soccer
[Music]
this dice be the enemy's blade
these are really nice like all great
ones all done but need some work right
here and I started eating like she
really bad that yep there is nice to
actually to add some light soy sauce
how are the Joakim and if I had message
everything
[Applause]
Govan yogurt oh sweet
we thought this time we could just put
our own toppings on the hook there since
it don't watch immediately and it's got
some like nice chocolate answer because
that just nasty because oh my god better
so yeah so this is the latest this year
flavored frozen yogurt and it's back
really as well which you didn't say ante
unreal so it's actually the next day now
got so distracted by that Lotus biscuit
frozen yogurt oh my goodness that was an
absolute showstopper like that was the
nice it is frozen or what I think about
having my life and last night really
just chilled we tried to put an outfit
on and watch some thin but I just I feel
like I can't get into any movies at the
minute like we've been watching movies
most nights since we've been in
quarantine like on an even in and I've
just had enough of them now that I think
we've watched everything that's decent
but I do like know you've got any
recommendations but yeah I really hope
you enjoyed this more like chilled very
realistic day at home in quarantine kind
of thing and let me know if there's any
of the videos that you would like to see
in the next ones and yeah if you aren't
ready don't forget to subscribe I would
really appreciate it if you wanted to
stick around and I'll see you guys in
the next video